Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

Data storage
Following information is stored in our database at all times in order to provide our service to you and your discord server.

If you vote on top.gg we store; User Identifier, Time voted
If you invite Starpri to your Discord Server we store; Server ID, Owner ID, Shard ID, Premium Status, Any settings updated on https://starpri.xyz dashboard.
If you use the music feature; we anonymously store the songs played for the topsongs feature

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at https://discord.gg/fyjzuqqKKr
